How do we enact and make meanings in our world(s)? 

You should be making an argument as to what your standup is enacting

How are standups drawing up a world that they share with their audience
and how are they tranforming those worlds for their audience in return. 

HOw do standups make claimis about the world as to how people interact with each other .

interact = coact \to inter ~= co (in some way, isn't that interesting?)

Speaking up: putting words to thoughts and so forth

Standing up: standing up is using familiar language in (non)conventional ways to make change in the world

You shouldn't be walking out of a video and go like "ah this is the answer, this is how it works"

*Make sense of the ways standups perform the world into existence*

Next part of the final exam
How are each of us, like stand-up comedians, stand-ups.
Consider how your life is performative, how your ideas are medial. 

That role is not a mirror I'm choosing but completely consequential 

Stand-ups compell performers to live life on the stand-ups terms
this means that the stand-up is not the performer: the stand-up is in the relationship with the performer and 
vice versa

we are so ingrained in our life that truth is opposed to false, what we find in stand-up 
is that this dualism is not sso easy. 

Trying to denaturalize is the performer creates the stand-up, 
There's an audience and a comedy club and a culture

Jon the microphone is just a microphone, as in it's the medium in which the jokes come through in the stand-up
Because we are not yet at the part where Jon "organically" is coming up with his own material

Cool exmaple in James Vietch where the audience already knows the stand-up comedic material that will happen
but it's the way the performer executes this comedic material that also contirbutes to the stand-up which 
can mean that there are further laughs. 

I guess what you can argue for human stand-ups turning into robots, is that humans are trying to avoid sounding
'repetitive' and 'robotic' or 'mechanistic' which I guess defines robots 

we think authentic is the opp. of artificial

hoepfylly you are starting ot see to be artif. is to create, to make,
acts of being artificial are to be made, not made up

it's not possible to be simply authentic, you have to go out there and build, in some ways you need to be 
artificial.
This brings us back to performativity. 
There is no underlying real that can express it self

Is there no such thing as a id(x) identity map x \to x = id(x) 

What is, was, and will be, is performance

Performance: the way you do things with words rather than describing things

It will be helpful to understand everything in your life is performative

A promise is the key performative

What we are most scared of not meaning the things that they say

Understand that our identities pulling our sel[f]s into this world

We can ack. and come to grips with our artific. to remagine or assert, subvertn or confirm, and project a world
to live and a way to live in it. 


"I got up early to write this, so this has to be clarifying"

Authenticity is related to the world authority

Authority is self-governed in a sense because it's upward parent transition is actaully a loop back onto itself
Which makes sense because when you are above an authority, who those authorities answer to is pretty much 
themselves, which can be understood as a loop back onto the authority node. 
