----- Hicks and Hayles

Britain in the 50s 
economic austerity
loss of global influence ()
crackdown on moral "laxity"
ambitious sociealists policies
the welfare state (req. tracking a lot of data of people and ways to manage that data)
efficiency and productivity drive

many woman faced countervailing wins that would try to push them back to the house
or try to reduce possibilites of promotion.

Using cheap coal creates a fog that not only affects health but the economy as well, 
it affects all aspects of British life in a bad way.


meritocracy- 
--How Britian (as opposed to US) would feminize labor
Officials in power would deliberately uses Institutionalization to codify conventions,
and perscribe values on society 


"Many of these women stayed in their jobs for only a short time, 
and even those who worked for decades remain relatively faceless due to undervaluation of their work.
the ideal form of meritocracy vs. how it actaully plays out"
-So true like that's really how it be

ideal form of meritocracy- each job area requires it's own skill to master (for example, )

"As allusion of what you actually become
How does it defined who is gonna be the most skilled
the service was supposed to eschew preference based on social standing by using a skills-based, 
examination-mediated meritocracy. 
Yet there were different qualifying examinations and different jobs to be examined 
for depending on whether the applicant was a man or a woman. 
Increasingly, the Civil Service began to institute a gendered class system built around computing work."
-This quote has an answer

explore-exploit dilemma

"The government was broken down in a heirarchy 
It ensured that the people viewed as the most promising candidates, 
who were nearly always men, were given opportunities to succeed, 
on the assumption that reproducing the current hierarchy would keep the met- 
aphorical machine of government running."


Digitization vs Electromechanics- 
anytime you remove moving parts and physical machines and replace them with code,
you are digitizing the working parts that produce function, 
and you are making it digital.


Automation 
two ways can put women out of jobs-
can create a category that is higher skilled where "women are no longer qualified"
automates the low-skill jobs that women were pushed to work in


Machine Grade
wwomen were given low-skill machines or jobs
A machine grade defines a certain set of responsibilities
Designed to make this a low-value position regardless of how much skill was involved
Splitting up work to de-value jobs


Deskilling 
creating the impression that "this labor requires no skill" 
as in "anyone can do it"
and this gets insitutionalized
Instead of intellectual suitability, with deskilling, it can be replaced with emotionaly suitability
and describe it in terms of tempermant (which is being able to put up with noisy repetitive, routine work)


NAWS vs. CSCA 
(National Association of Women Servants) vs. (Civil Service Clerical Association)



Alice Mary Hilton 
british-american mathematician with a Ph.D. in electrical engineering.
Nortbert Wiener's biggest and most impactful fan

in 1963, she publisehd "Logic, Computing, Machines, and Automation"
Humans were embarking on the greatest technological revolution
since the agricultlural revolution: the cybercultural revolution
-an economic system 
