METHODS PAPER 
Close read the features of an object and history.
How does it come into being?
What are its politics and values in the design?
Who is called into the object?
Who is being excluded from the object?
How is the object supposed to be used?
How is it used?

Read the McGraw reading (for Tuesday) it provides a clear
way to close read objects

in 60s, it was not a homogeny, but it was characterized as mostly white

Modern Times, Charlie Chaplin


Why is it a fem STS rev to start looking at objects in the home
the like the white-starch collar and the bra
minor and cursory and everyday
A- They are not minor and cursory and everyday, 
they are integral to the functioning of gender norms in society
When we think about time-saving devices, we tend to think about the factory

To clarify, when we think of time-saving devices, 
we tend to think of time-saving technologies through mass conveyer belt construction in factories,
but feminine technologies also intended to save time (even though the ended up doing the opposite). 
So what is the driving force behind creating this technology? Is capitalism the main reason we try to save time, or it is a cruel optimistic approximation to something more fundamental? 


Through the repetitive motion of the conveyer belt, 
which is becoming the image of capitalism


Both of these common clips of examples and conveyer belts
---they are still not in the home
even though the home is where mcuh technology is being created

These fantasies are what's happening in the ads were actaully really important
Why were they were so improtant
Supposed incorp of spec (then real) technologies that were supposed to give women liberation

Smart homes claim to ease burdens (of women) and return control
ARG: Time-saving devices in the home do not save time
The "More Work for Mother" Paradox
Examples: Dishwashers, Laundry machines, vacuums, roomba, nanny-cam, alexa,
blender, oven, 

Nanny cams exacebrate the panic around shaking baby syndrome
infants who are harmed in 

the nanny-cam who documents shaking-baby syndrome actaulyl is the reason it doesn't exist anymore

To be clear, time-saving devices do not save time and push the burden back onto the mother.

Certain work can be remediated, but the certain ones are not to be
Maybe mothering is one of these that is *chosen* to not be remediated

During the great depression
11 model homes were in the Chicago World Fair 
to imagine a world with plenty

The is the daeth of the intra-generatinal family
as women were moving away from the home

