Lec Feb 1 - Reading: Bad Ideas

Defining Science

science studies is one of the feeder fields of STS

There are no commonly accepted or explicit assumptions about the macro-evolution of societies or about the dynamics through which is part of these developments. 

psuedoscience has no single definition, "which implies that's it's used as an attack"

The Period of Englightenment <-> the Scientific Revolution 

Falsibility
any scientist is able to falsify their results

-Case Studies 

Psychoanalysis 
1. Theory of self, born from a theory of sexuality 
  conflict between indiv. desire and societal norms

2. Form of talk therapy 

3. theory used to interpret the world and sofety

3. theory that was used, and still is and can be used interpret texts, firlms

Working with the method of hypnosis - which could be considered a psuedoscience

hypnosis between cycle of science and psuedoscience

her symtoms gained """"semantics""" but just """"through"""" hypnosis
hypnosis is pretty much a method that uncovers semantics

Freud presents only some research to the public 
(difference between open-access publishing and the safety to publish)

The US Military loves psychoanalysis

--Shift: Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
psychoanalysis died compared to C.B.T.

--Shift: Neuropsychoanalysis 
using cutting-edge technology from neuroscience to re-invigorate


Medical Phrenology
"Using head shapes to make deductions"
<-> 
"Using head shapes to generate semantics"
Pretty much a form of predictive policing
used in court rooms and everything

-Shift: Phrenology was bad and socially critiqued
-Shift: Phrenology and AI 
your face is being analyzed, evaluated by algorithms 
even though we know it's bad, Silicon Valley really wants to use it

We don't call these case studies "pseuedoscience", we call them "biased" and ai models factor in error

We either have rupture narrative or continuity narratives
              (disjunction)        (conjunction)

We have narratives and we have to "buy" the narrative to choose it

"None of these facts are stably scientifically true"
stability in fact
I want to do more participation in class

-----Clarifying
Freud was getting worried that psychoanalysis was becoming a psuedoscience
-----Clarified
C.B.T. relies on computation and insurance
Extra reading for military industrial complex
Case study about ai white-washing/green-washing data privacy

Dear Hannah, 

You brought up how cognitive behavioral treatment relies on insurance and computation in it's model. 
Two questions: Does psychoanalysis rely on insurance and computation in its models? If not, is this dinstinction (and the favoring of c.b.t. over psy-sis) financially motivated or socially motivated? 
Also can you elaborate on insurance and computation and the role they play?
So excited for in-person classes.

Also for my methods paper, I'm trying to squeeze the dialectic method into my paper topic, but I feel like I don't know where to find resources on examples of the use of dialectical to come to a scientific truth. Even the angle I want to approach it from. Could you provide some advice or resources? 

Thank you, 
Mason
